## Python virtual environment
Firstly, a Python virtual environment was created. This way, everything is reproducable and easy to set up. The packages installed with pip are all listed in the [requirements.txt](../requirements.txt) file.

## Testing approach
### Testing philosophy
The testing approach chosen for this project is Test-Driven Development (TDD). This approach was selected because it facilitates the creation of reliable code by writing tests before the actual implementation. This ensures that the code functions as expected and reduces the likelihood of bugs.


### Test framework and assertion library
`pytest` is the test framework chosen for this project.
It is a commonly used testing framework for Python that is easy to use and supports a wide range of features with modern syntax.
The test files are located in the [`/tests`](/src/tests/) directory and are automatically discovered and executed by `pytest`.
The assertion library used is the built-in assertion capabilities of `pytest`, using Python's native `assert` statements.\
One [basic test](../src/tests/test_main.py) has been created to verify that the application starts correctly.

## Task runner
A [`Makefile`](../Makefile) has been created to facilitate the execution of tests both locally and remotely.
It includes targets for installing dependencies and running tests.
Now, to install all required dependencies, one can simply run: ```make install``` and to execute the tests, the command is: ```make test```.\
`make` was chosen because it is a simple and widely used task runner with a consistent interface that works well – locally and remotely – for the purpose of CI.

## Continuous Integration (CI)
GitHub Actions is the CI tool chosen for this project.
It integrates very well with the existing GitHub repository and allows for easy setup of workflows that can automatically run tests on each push or pull request, re-using the `Makefile` targets – free of charge.
To set it up, a YAML [workflow file](../.github/workflows/ci.yml) was created in the repository that defines the steps to install dependencies and run tests using the `Makefile`.\
It is configured to trigger and run the tests on every push to the main branch and on pull requests, ensuring that new code changes function correctly as expected.